Update README.md (#7)
QuEraComputing/quera-ahs-utils: README.md

# quera-ahs-utils

> This python package is a collection of tools that can be used to program QuEra's nuetral **atom analog quantum simulator** (**ahs**). These tools are primarily targeted towards the usage of [Amazon's Braket quantum computing service](https://aws.amazon.com/braket/) . The Braket python software development kit can be found [here](https://github.com/aws/amazon-braket-sdk-python) along with some examples of how to use their service through a collection of examples from both [Braket](https://github.com/aws/amazon-braket-examples/tree/main/examples/analog_hamiltonian_simulation) and [QuEra](https://github.com/QuEraComputing/QuEra-braket-examples). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This python package is a collection of tools that can be used to program QuEra's **neutral atom Analog Hamiltonian Simulator** (**ahs**). These tools are primarily targeted towards the usage of [Amazon's Braket quantum computing service](https://aws.amazon.com/braket/). The Braket Python SDK can be found [here](https://github.com/aws/amazon-braket-sdk-python) along with some examples of how to use their service through a collection of examples from both [Braket](https://github.com/aws/amazon-braket-examples/tree/main/examples/analog_hamiltonian_simulation) and [QuEra](https://github.com/QuEraComputing/QuEra-braket-examples). 
```

> We would be remiss not to advertise our own Julia SDK for programming QuEra's **ahs**, [Bloqade](https://queracomputing.github.io/Bloqade.jl/dev/). Bloqade is a powerful [Julia](https://julialang.org/) package tool for programming and modeling neutral atom quantum computing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would be remiss not to advertise our own [Julia](https://julialang.org/) SDK for programming QuEra's **ahs**, [Bloqade](https://queracomputing.github.io/Bloqade.jl/dev/) as well as modeling neutral atom quantum computing. 
```

## Installation

> The package can be installed via pip:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package can be installed via `pip`:
```

>     pip install quera-ahs-utils

Reviewer: Could put in a code block using ``` in Markdown

## Package contents

**quera-ahs-utils** is broken up into 5 modules each dealing with specific tools summarized in the table below:
|              module             |                                                       description                                                      |
|:-------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|

> | **quera_ahs_utils**.analysis    | A collection of functions to do basic analysis on shot results                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **quera_ahs_utils**.analysis    | Perform analysis on shot results                                                         |
```
Remove "A collection of functions" as well as "easily generate". Just need to say what the tools in the module do

| **quera_ahs_utils**.drive       | A collection of functions to easily generate different types of driving hamiltonians                                   |
| **quera_ahs_utils**.ir          | A collection of functions to transform between QuEra and Braket program representations                                |
| **quera_ahs_utils**.parallelize | A collection of functions to transform small jobs into a parallel set of jobs to maximize the field of view of the QPU |
| **quera_ahs_utils**.plotting    | A collection of functions to help visualize both **ahs** programs as well as its results.                              |

> A basic module reference can be found [here](https://queracomputing.github.io/quera-ahs-utils/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A module reference can be found [here](https://queracomputing.github.io/quera-ahs-utils/)
```
